Add back Google Sheets support and remove outdated code (#23)
tejasvaidhyadev/GoogleDrive.jl: docs/src/features.md

## functions

### google_download

`google_download(URL, IO)`

> Download flie from Google Drive or Google Sheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download a file from Google Drive or Google Sheets.
```

> The above function only Download file from google drive.

Reviewer: is this statement accurate?  perhaps it should be cut too?

#### Example

> Downloading CSV file from Drive using google_download function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloading CSV file from Drive using `google_download` function
```

```

> julia> google_download("https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9w48e1rj-MOLVdZRzFfTlNsem8/view", open("file.csv", "w"))

Reviewer: i checked this url and it was a zip file (paragram_300_ws353.zip).
surely it should be a .csv file instead?
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9w48e1rj-MOLVdZRzFfTlNsem8/view
